README.md, before:

# Gel Nail

This project can be used as a starting point to create your own Vaadin application with Spring Boot.
It contains all the necessary configuration and some placeholder files to get you started.

## Running the application
The project is a standard Maven project. To run it from the command line,
type `mvnw` (Windows), or `./mvnw` (Mac & Linux), then open
http://localhost:8080 in your browser.

You can also import the project to your IDE of choice as you would with any
Maven project. Read more on [how to set up a development environment for
Vaadin projects](https://vaadin.com/docs/latest/guide/install) (Windows, Linux, macOS).

## Deploying to Production
To create a production build, call `mvnw clean package -Pproduction` (Windows),
or `./mvnw  clean package -Pproduction` (Mac & Linux).
This will build a JAR file with all the dependencies and front-end resources,
ready to be deployed. The file can be found in the `target` folder after the build completes.

Once the JAR file is built, you can run it using
`java -jar target/myapp-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` (NOTE, replace 
`myapp-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` with the name of your jar).

## Project structure

- `MainView.java` in `src/main/java` contains the navigation setup (i.e., the 
  side/top bar and the main menu). This setup uses 
  [App Layout](https://vaadin.com/components/vaadin-app-layout).
- `views` package in `src/main/java` contains the server-side Java views of your application.
- `views` folder in `frontend/` contains the client-side JavaScript views of your application.
- `themes` folder in `frontend/`  contains the custom CSS styles.

## Useful links

- Read the documentation at [vaadin.com/docs](https://vaadin.com/docs).
- Follow the tutorials at [vaadin.com/tutorials](https://vaadin.com/tutorials).
- Watch training videos and get certified at [vaadin.com/learn/training]( https://vaadin.com/learn/training).
- Create new projects at [start.vaadin.com](https://start.vaadin.com/).
- Search UI components and their usage examples at [vaadin.com/components](https://vaadin.com/components).
- Find a collection of solutions to common use cases in [Vaadin Cookbook](https://cookbook.vaadin.com/).
- Find Add-ons at [vaadin.com/directory](https://vaadin.com/directory).
- Ask questions on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/vaadin) or join our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/MYFq5RTbBn).
- Report issues, create pull requests in [GitHub](https://github.com/vaadin/).

Commit message:

remove unnecessary files. add change result when value change

README.md, after:

# Gel Nail

In this App you can book appointments, change them, register your company, get clients and control your page.

## Running the application
The project is a standard Maven project. To run it from the command line,
type `mvnw` (Windows), or `./mvnw` (Mac & Linux), then open
http://localhost:8080 in your browser.

You can also import the project to your IDE of choice as you would with any
Maven project. Read more on [how to set up a development environment for
Vaadin projects](https://vaadin.com/docs/latest/guide/install) (Windows, Linux, macOS).

## Deploying to Production
To create a production build, call `mvnw clean package -Pproduction` (Windows),
or `./mvnw  clean package -Pproduction` (Mac & Linux).
This will build a JAR file with all the dependencies and front-end resources,
ready to be deployed. The file can be found in the `target` folder after the build completes.

Once the JAR file is built, you can run it using
`java -jar target/myapp-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` (NOTE, replace 
`myapp-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` with the name of your jar).

## Project structure

- `MainView.java` in `src/main/java` contains the navigation setup (i.e., the 
  side/top bar and the main menu). This setup uses 
  [App Layout](https://vaadin.com/components/vaadin-app-layout).
- `views` package in `src/main/java` contains the server-side Java views of your application.
- `views` folder in `frontend/` contains the client-side JavaScript views of your application.
- `themes` folder in `frontend/`  contains the custom CSS styles.

## Useful links

- Read the documentation at [vaadin.com/docs](https://vaadin.com/docs).
- Follow the tutorials at [vaadin.com/tutorials](https://vaadin.com/tutorials).
- Find a collection of solutions to common use cases in [Vaadin Cookbook](https://cookbook.vaadin.com/).
- Find Add-ons at [vaadin.com/directory](https://vaadin.com/directory).
- Ask questions on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/vaadin) or join our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/MYFq5RTbBn).
- Report issues, create pull requests in [GitHub](https://github.com/vaadin/).
